Enforce parameter and return value types in the codebase (#3348)
doctrine/dbal: UPGRADE.md

# Upgrade to 3.0

## BC BREAK `ResultStatement::setFetchMode()` and `::closeCursor()` return `void`.

> Unlike `PDOStatement`, `::setFetchMode()` and `::closeCursor()` of `ResultStatement` won't longer return a boolean value. In the future, logical errors during invocation of these methods may result in exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike `PDOStatement`, `::setFetchMode()` and `::closeCursor()` of `ResultStatement` will no longer return a boolean value. In the future, logical errors during invocation of these methods may result in exceptions.
```
